Fix DOI for Darwin, C. G. and update doi url style (#41972)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/fitting/fitfunctions/IkedaCarpenterPV.rst

----------

> #. S. Ikeda and J. M. Carpenter, `Nuclear Inst. and Meth. in Phys. Res.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. S. Ikeda and J. M. Carpenter, `Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research
```
